## Buzz Wire Game Project Details
Projects don't always have to be about solving problems and making things easier. You can also prepare projects to have fun and develop yourself. Attention and concentration are features that many people want to develop. The applications that we can do with this are quite interesting. How about making Buzz Wire Game with Picobricks? You must have heard the expression that computers work with 0s and 1s. 0 represents the absence of electricity and 1 represents its presence. 0 and 1’s come together with a certain number and sequence of combinations to form meaningful data. In electronic systems, 0s and 1s can be used to directly control a situation. Is the door closed or not? Is the light on or off? Is the irrigation system on or not? In order to obtain such information, a status check is carried out. In this project, we will electronically prepare the attention and concentration developer Buzz Wire Game with the help of a conductor wire using the buzzer and LED module with Picobricks. While preparing this project, you will have learned an input technique that is not a button but will be used like a button.

To prepare the project, you need 2 male-male jumper cables and a 15 cm long conductor bendable wire. When the player is ready, it will be asked to press the button to start the game. If the jumper cable touches the conductor wire in the player’s hand when the button is pressed, Picobricks will detect this and give an audible and written warning. The time from the start of the game to the end will also be displayed on the OLED screen. We reset the timer after the user presses the button. Then we will give a voltage of 3.3V to the conductor wire connected to the GPIO1 pin of Picobricks. One end of the cable held by the player will be connected to the GND pin on the Picobricks. If the player touches the jumper cable in his hand to the conductive wire, the GPIO1 pin will drop to the Passive/Off/0 position. Then, it will announce that the game is over, and there will be light, written and audio feedback, then the elapsed time will be shown on the OLED screen in milliseconds. After 5 seconds, the player will be prompted to press the button to restart.
