## My Timer Project Details
Measuring time is a simple but important task that we do in our daily lives without realizing it. A surgeon in surgery, a business person trying to catch up with a meeting, an athlete trying to win, a student trying to finish an exam or a chess match… Smart wrist watches, phones and even professional chronometers are used to measure time. Time is a variable that should be used very accurately in electronic systems. For example, a washing machine; how long the drum will rotate clockwise, how much counterclockwise, how many seconds water must flow in order to dissolve the detergent are tasks done by measuring time. To develop projects where time is of the essence, you need to know how to use it. 

In this project, you will make your own time measuring device using Picobircks, OLED display, button and potentiometer modules. A Timer… When Picobricks starts, let’s put a statement on the screen that introduces the project and contains instructions. As the user turns the potentiometer, it will set a time in the range of 0-60 minutes. When the user presses the button of Picobricks after deciding the time with the potentiometer, it will start counting down in minutes and seconds on the screen. If the button is pressed while the time is running backwards, the Timer will stop and show the remaining time on the screen. If the minute, second and second value reaches zero without pressing the button, a notification stating that the time has expired will be displayed on the screen and the program will be stopped.
