## Show Your Reaction Project Details
##### Now we will prepare a game that develops attention and reflexes. Moving quickly and being able to provide attention for a long time are important developmental characteristics of children. Preschool and primary school children do activities that increase their attention span and reflexes, as they are liked by their parents and teachers. The electronic system we will prepare will be a game that increases attention and develops reflexes. After finishing the project, you can compete with your friends. :) In this project you will learn about the randomness used in every programming language. With Picobricks, we will develop an electronic system using OLED display, Button-LED and Buzzer module. A timer starts running as soon as the Picobricks are turned on. With this timer, we can measure 1 thousandth of a second. One thousandth of a second is called a millisecond. Timers are used in many electronic systems in daily life. Timed lighting, ovens, irons, food processors… When our project starts working, we will display a welcome message on the OLED screen. Then we will print on the screen what the user has to do to start the game. In order to start the game, we will ask the player to prepare by counting backwards from 3 on the screen after the button is pressed. After the end of the countdown, the red LED will turn on in a random time between 2-10 seconds. We will reset the timer immediately after the red LED lights up. We will measure the timer as soon as the button is pressed again. This value we get will be in milliseconds. We will display this value on the screen as the player’s reaction time.