## Air Piano Project Details
##### With the development of electronic technology, musical instruments that are difficult to produce, expensive and producing high-quality sound have been digitized. Pianos are one of these instruments. Each key of digital pianos produces electrical signals at a different frequency. Thus, it can play 88 different notes from its speakers. Factors such as the delay time of the keys of digital instruments, the quality of the speaker, the resolution of the sound have appeared as the factors affecting the quality. In electric guitars, vibrations in strings are digitized instead of keys. On the other hand, In wind instruments, the notes played can be converted into electrical signals and recorded thanks to the high-resolution microphones plugged into the sound output. This development in electronic technology has facilitated access to high-cost musical instruments, music education has gained a wider variety and spread to a wider audience. In this project we will make a simple piano that can play 8 notes with PicoBricks. The speaker of this piano will be the buzzer. The ultrasonic sensor will act as the keys of the piano. In this project, we will make a piano application using the HC-SR04 Ultrasonic distance sensor and the buzzer module on PicoBricks. We will make the buzzer play different notes according to the values coming from the distance sensor, and we will create melodies by moving our hand closer to the sensor and away from it. In addition, we will instantly print the distance played note information on the OLED screen.