## Know Your Color Project Details
##### LEDs are often used on electronic systems. Each button can have small LEDs next to each option. By making a single LED light up in different colors, it is possible to do the work of more than one LED with a single LED. LEDs working in this type are called RGB LEDs. It takes its name from the initials of the color names Red, Green, Blue. Another advantage of this LED is that it can light up in mixtures of 3 primary colors. Purple, turquoise, orange… In this project you will learn about the randomness used in every programming language. We will prepare a enjoyable game with the RGB LED, OLED screen and button module of Picobricks. The game we will build in the project will be built on the user knowing the colors correctly or incorrectly. One of the colors red, green, blue and white will light up randomly on the RGB LED on Picobricks, and the name of one of these four colors will be written randomly on the OLED screen at the same time. The user must press the button of Picobricks within 1.5 seconds to use the right of reply. The game will be repeated 10 times, each repetition will get 10 points if the user presses the button when the colors match, or if the user does not press the button when they do not match. If the user presses the button even though the colors do not match, he will lose 10 points. After ten repetitions, the user’s score will be displayed on the OLED screen. If the user wishes, he may not use his right of reply by not pressing the button.