## Confirming Door Project Details
Security systems include technologies that can control authorizations at building and room entrances. Card entry systems, in which only authorized personnel can enter the operating rooms of hospitals, are one of the first examples that come to mind. In addition, the entrance doors of areas that should not be entered by persons or personnel of all levels in military security centers are equipped with card and password entry technologies. These electronic systems used in building and room entrances not only prevent the entrance of unauthorized persons, but also ensure that entry and exit information is kept under record. Password entry, card entry, fingerprint scanning, face scanning, retina scanning and voice recognition technologies are the authentication methods used in electronic entry systems. Systems such as RFID and NFC are the basic forms of contactless payment technologies today. Although the contactless payment technology in credit cards is technically different, the working logic is the same. The maximum distance between the reader and the card is one of the features that distinguishes the technologies used from each other. When leaving the shopping stores, especially in clothing stores, NFC tags on the products will beep if they are detectioned to the readers at the entrance. A kind of RFID technology is used in those systems. 

In this project, we will prepare a card entry system on a model house. The electronic components we will use are MFRC522 RFID reader and 13.56 Mhz cards. Place the MFRC522 reader near the door of the model so that it is visible from the outside. Place the RGB LED and the buzzer on the wall where the door is visible from the outside. Picoboard can remain in the model. The entrance door of the model should be connected to the door of the servo, while the servo is set to 0 degrees, the door should be closed. You should determine the serial number of the RFID / NFC tag that will open the door, create the homeowner variable and assign the serial number to this variable. 

Set the door to the closed position when Picobricks starts. Make the buzzer beep when a card is shown to the RFID reader. If the serial number of the card being read matches the serial number in the homeowner variable, turn the RGB LED on green. Then let the door open. Make sure the door is closed 3 seconds after the door is opened. If the serial number of the card being read does not match the homeowner variable, turn the RGB LED on red. A different tone sounds from the buzzer.
