## Night and Day Project Details
##### How about playing the Night and Day game you played at school electronically?The game of night and day is a game in which we put our head on the table when our teacher says night, and raise our heads when our teacher says day. This game will be a game that you will use your attention and reflex. In this project, we will use a 0.96” 128x64 pixel I2C OLED display. Since OLED screens can be used as an artificial light source, you can enlarge the characters on the screen using lenses and mirrors and reflect them on the desired plane. Systems that can reflect information, road and traffic information on smart glasses and automobile windows can be made using OLED screens. Light sensors are sensors that can measure the light levels of the environment they are in, also called photodiodes. The electrical conductivity of the sensor exposed to light changes. We can control the light sensor by coding and develop electronic systems that affect the amount of light. First we will ask the player to press the button to start the game. Then we will make the OLED screen of PicoBricks display NIGHT and DAY randomly for 2 seconds each. The player should cover the LDR sensor with his hand within 2 seconds if the word written on the OLED screen is NIGHT, and if the word DAY is written on the OLED screen, the player should raise his hand over the LDR sensor. Each correct response of the player will earn 10 points. In case of wrong response, the game will be over and there will be a written statement on the screen stating the end of the game, a different tone will sound from the buzzer, and the score information will be displayed on the OLED screen. If the player gives a total of 10 correct responses and gets 100 points, the phrase “Congratulation” will be displayed on the OLED screen and the buzzer will play notes in different tones.