## Two Axis Robot Arm Project Details
Robot arms have replaced human power in the industrial field. In factories, robotic arms undertake the tasks of carrying and turning loads of weights and sizes that cannot be carried by a human. Being able to be positioned with a precision of one thousandth of a millimeter is above the sensitivity that a human hand can exhibit. When you watch the production videos of automobile factories, you will see how vital the robot arms are. The reason why they are called robots is that they can be programmed to do the same work with endless repetitions. The reason why it is called an arm is because it has an articulated structure like our arms. How many different directions a robot arm has the ability to rotate and move is expressed as axes. Robot arms are also used for carving and shaping aluminum and various metals. These devices, which are referred to as 7-axis CNC Routers, can shape metals like a sculptor shapes mud. According to the purpose of use in robot arms, stepper motor and servo motors, which are a kind of electric motor, are used. PicoBricks allows you to make projects with servo motors.

In preparation for the installation, we will first write and upload the codes to set the servo motors to 0 degrees. When an object is placed on the LDR sensor, the robot arm will bend down and close its open gripper. After the gripper is closed, the robot arm will rise again. As a result of each movement of the robot arm, a short beep will be heard from the buzzer. The RGB LED will glow red when an object is placed on the LDR sensor. When the object is held by the robot arm and lifted into the air, the RGB LED will turn green. Servo motor movements are very fast. In order to slow down the movement, we will code the servo motors with a total of 90 degrees of movement, 2 degrees each at 30 millisecond intervals. We’re not going to do this for the gripper to close. In order for the servo to perform its holding and releasing function, print and assemble the necessary parts from the 3D printer from the link [here].
